my name is alfonso marcelone i'm the
owner
and the chef tavernaroosa today i make
the pizza margarita
the step one put the flour on the table
okay this is one kilo of flour
half liter water
and leviton meditation this is for
levitation put inside the water
the horn italian is the farmer's tool
mix
and more flour if you need
my finish for finish
put the salt inside
the soup never put rivets because also
the soul is a little
okay two different time
so alfonso let me do some of the mixing
and so i'm gonna learn proper technique
of how to mix
okay so what do we do like this
and like this
for finish put the hook up
okay when you put the oil after
the cover waiting
20 minutes okay and now
cut
two three four
hello the dough is ready
now waiting three hour and after
it's ready for the oven now prepare
margarita pizza
tomato sauce
mozzarella cheese oil
okay
okay it's ready
for oven
all right
it's ready for you
okay voila
about to try the margarita pizza the
famous
pizza of italia and tavarna rosa
absolutely fabulous it's so good you
have to come here and eat this pizza
come here and eat this pizza